feat(forms): add filterData to `Form.Handler` and ignore disabled fields for validation (#3290)
dnbexperience/eufemia: packages/dnb-design-system-portal/src/docs/uilib/extensions/forms/extended-features/DataContext/Provider/properties.mdx

| `scrollTopOnSubmit` | `boolean`    | _(optional)_ True for the UI to scroll to the top of the page when data is submitted.                                                                                                                |
| `sessionStorageId`  | `string`     | _(optional)_ Key for saving active data to session storage and loading it on mount.                                                                                                                  |
| `ajvInstance`       | `ajv`        | _(optional)_ Provide your own custom Ajv instance. More info in the [Schema validation](/uilib/extensions/forms/extended-features/Form/schema-validation/#custom-ajv-instance-and-keywords) section. |

> | `filterData`        | `function`   | _(optional)_ Like Array.filter to filter the internal data context based on your criteria's: `(path, value, props) => props?.disabled === false? false: true`. It will iterate on each data entry.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `filterData`        | `function`   | _(optional)_ Like Array.filter, use to filter the internal data context based on your criteria: `(path, value, props) => props?.disabled === false? false: true`. It will iterate on each data entry.   |
```

criteria is [apparently the plural form ](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/criteria)
